Alien Perspective:
It was Arkt 13th, 3013 when we found out that our useless fighting had doomed our planet. Ten years of sending brainless bodies off to war. We had lost every body left. We were too afraid of death to send all of ourselves to battle, so we created a robot to store our minds while still sending part of ourselves to battle. It was a battle created over who should take over the Slovtropic crown. 
Stupid we know, but after all the fighting we had come to truce and found peace. Now we had to work together to find a new home. We have to work quickly now. We only have enough resources to survive another year. Luckily the royal scientists have found a planet we could live on, a place that looks like a blue marble covered in moss.
We listened to the people of this planet to see if they were hostile. From our eavesdropping we have learned that this planet was called “Earth”. Or “Ted”, we can’t tell which.


We finally made contact with the earthlings today. It took us a while to decipher their language, but we were able to make words in their atmosphere. It seems they knew we were there, but were still surprised by our message.
After some negotiating, they were willing to let us join them on their planet. We asked them what life looked like for them, as we had no eyes to see, and they started to send us these images through noise, as hearing was the only sense we still had in these robotic forms.
Apparently a creature called ‘doge’ is a spiny blob with a muzzle and ears, and a ‘tree’ is…


We were pleased to learn what common objects looked like on Earth. I have no doubt that we will be able to fully integrate ourselves into ‘humen’ society in no time. 



Human perspective:
	It was November 28th, 2028 when the dark speck appeared in the sky. After a couple weeks of it just floating there, it was said to either be a piece of scrap metal from a satellite or aliens. Most of us couldn’t believe it when it turned out to be the latter.
	We couldn’t see what they looked like, and we didn’t know what they came for. All we knew was the shape of their ship and that they were there.


	After a month of hovering over us, the aliens wrote in the sky in phonetic english, ‘Hey, u ned romate?’. I kept expecting a meme to pop up somewhere, it was so cringey. At least we knew they asked for permission before invading. After some negotiation from the collective governments of the world, they were permitted to land and stay on our planet. 
	Before actually landing down, they asked what were some common things here on Earth. Though they asked it like, ‘Yo whts dwn ther?’. Still. So. Cringey. At least they had an excuse though.
	The aliens apparently could only hear. This forced force the government to send sounds to describe shapes. I can only imagine how well that went. Hopefully it works though.

	The project went so wrong. Admittedly, it could have gone worse, but wow did that idea not work. Apparently cats looked like a puffball on a stick, and hands are these weird abstract shapes without fingers. At least they only stand at about two feet tall so if we had to get rid of them it’s just a hop, skip and a drop kick away.
